back to North Korea you know the
president this North Korea trip he is
very eager to make a deal with Kim
jong-un and we decided to have some fun
with that we went on the street today we
asked people what they thought of
Trump's announcement that he's reached a
deal to make North Korea our 51st state
course president has not made that
announcement yet but that did that stop
Americans from believing North Korea's
the United States well there wouldn't be
much point to showing it if they haven't
so let's find out in tonight's North
Korea edition of Eyewitness News
[Music]
how do you feel about today's big
announcement that North Korea will be
joining the US as the 51st state were
you excited but you heard that news not
really I mean kind of but not really
what wasn't exciting about it for you I
don't know I mean the fact it's North
Korea I mean that kind of sounds bad but
it's right next to South Korea and South
Korea it's not the greatest so you know
does it make you angry when you saw
President Trump tear up that American
flag and yeah total disrespect yes who
are you watching it with my little
brother what did your brother say when
he angry as well not happy as well what
was for your mind when you saw President
Trump and Kim jong-un do that
choreographed dance together on the big
piano I was crying I was laughing so
hard really I was like look at these two
old guys dancing here stop describe the
way that they dance robotic did you get
emotional watching the announcement
seeing such a life-changing event happen
a 51st state finally added no I didn't
really get emotional about it or
anything like that right there just kind
of in surprise who are you watching it
with I was watching a little why do you
feel like there were so many feral stray
cats at the announcement I want to say
truthfully my personal opinion I could
be wrong about this right here but I
feel like it was a subliminal message
morning historic announcement that North
Korea will be joining the United States
as a 51st state are you excited or you
have reservations not really I was just
glad that they're working together that
we're finally have a president who's
actually gonna you know it's working to
settle this stuff in North Korea a lot
of people are saying they were moved by
President Trump presenting camp John
with a baby bald eagle were you moved
when you saw the president give the bald
eagle yes yeah yeah that's a symbol of
our country I mean I know a lot of
people don't feel that way but it's like
the American flag where did you watch
the announcement
I don't where we're staying at the
Airbnb okay what who are you watching it
with my husband my two daughters did you
feel emotional when President Trump sang
the national anthem in fluent perfect
Korean I'm proud that he was
to do that you know because it's that
that that means a lot to have a
president that's willing to work with
other countries and learn their language
enough to be able to make it so we can
have a peace with them do you think it
was fair for a president Trump to trade
one of the Dakotas for North Korea
saying no not really how come I'm just
cuz North Korea is like way over on the
other side of the country and it's not
really part of the United States I don't
think it's now and now so yeah
[Music]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it